
After I was able to successfully upload in complete the Light system copy and paste it gave me an option to go back to the command center. I select that option, but it just shows an empty text box to copy and paste again.
I go to the command center. I press the today what you call it it gives me wake up priority, more real life outside the house as the today’s schedule, but I press more and it just goes back to the command center. If I press more, it should be the calendar pull up . 
If they don’t realize it’s hard to go to the calendar I go to the menu to find it and it’s just a today option I clicked the today option and it goes to the command center
As I’m on the command center, I’m noticing that the option of Smart input is still there even though I already input something I feel like the smart input should be the last card option on the bottom

I click the menu again and I press all features. I search the feature calendar. I can’t find that oh but I see that there’s a calendar option at the bottom.

Now I’m in the calendar so would I select on the day put in? I press on today’s day it immediately realize one not the whole concept of my import did not register with the app because it didn’t populate the meal plan for today along with that I wish that when I click on the day like a car pops up, so I wouldn’t have to scroll down on the calendar page, and I wish that it was an option to have a day view a week  view and a month view  just like Apple’s calendar and I wanted to be realistic on the time that I’m looking at it so you could show me what I should be doing in that moment. cause right now it seems like if I look ahead like the first thing that pops up the first car that pops up is something that’s for 10 PM and then on top of that the tag for the card is environmental when it’s just wrapping my hair, it should fall all over the category of what it is like it’s a night routine and then snack talking about it’s physical snack is meal and then at work is part of goals and planning dinner is meals not physical upper push-ups is a workout routine. It should be exercise and me looking at a workout routine tab in the calendar. It makes me realize that. The description has a list of the tasks that are right below it. I feel the description should say this is towards your upper body strength or building your muscle or whatever and then give quick tips like hey do it slow rest for x amount of seconds in between? and if imports don’t have that, I want you to be able to put it in logically in the same thing goes for meals and the calorie and micro mackerel counts of that particular meal. When I click on the meal plan for the day in this particular card, it’s for lunch. It says 7 ounces of the chicken one cup of rice… It doesn’t give instructions on how to cook it, but it does say talk to DW about this so why did you say talk to DW about this? It’s just say cook with DW but I open the nutrition option on the pop-up .
Next thing you know, a pop-up comes, asking him to set up my identity I complete the identity set up and then the browse page pops up. I don’t think this is the nutrition page that it was supposed to link to. It was supposed to lean to the meal plan pages while I’m on the meal plans page when it has browse by category I thought meal plans that came with my import would pop up, but they didn’t. It’s like I can’t save any meal plans that I brought through. It doesn’t show and the category cards don’t need to be as big if they don’t just pop up or go to the new page I click on meal plans and have to scroll down to see I get is a browsing type of page but I don’t know. I don’t like the way that is set up. I feel like when browsing it should just be milk prep ideas. That’s the browsing part of the meal plan page, but when it comes down to meal plans, it should be saved meal plans or important mail plans that were saved. You know it should say all that but you know what I’m saying and then ingredient alternatives. It doesn’t really give options to set alternatives for certain ingredients. I want that option to be both something that is manual that the user could say I want this ingredient to swap with this you know and then on top of that my grocery builder it doesn’t show old things that I have in the groceries for this week or or anything I feel like my life system wasn’t really fully embodied by the import
