OK, when I started my life system, I did not know that I was going to be started in a system. At first I went to ChatGPT and I asked to help me make a schedule. I told it at that I was in tech school and I needed to be on the schedule so I could complete it throughout the time that I wanted to complete them and at that time I really didn’t have a set job so it was almost free range so it asked me what are the things that I like to do and the things I wanted to do and stuff like that so I just obliged and I told her everything like oh I want to work out I want to eat right and have meal plans. I want to you know be social with my friends. I want to have time to talk to my family and loved ones and friends. I wanna have time to explore and I wanna make plans for start making plans for stuff and I just oblige and that’s what I told it and it’s just like oh you are a life system wow OK yeah so it’s develop about life system around me studying for the tech program so I kind of used it. I didn’t really stay on top of it because it was so hard to like put it inside of my Apple phone and I didn’t have notifications. I didn’t have what time it’s gonna be. I couldn’t ask anybody I had to really go to search so we can relax days at least I got my you know sometimes I should be doing my work speed up. I had the same thing while I was in regular school for mental health again I was still kind of working you know I was doing my body business, but I wasn’t really. I didn’t have a set time so again I was like hey so my week it’s gonna be different now I will go to school. Here’s my schedule. I just uploaded the schedule and it incorporated in by all the times I need to go to school the times I need to study well, I asked you to. I asked you for the times I needed to study but eventually it helped it put me on. It put me on a routine and I started to like OK. I like this little routine that I have put me on a morning routine give me a morning routine when I brush my teeth. Meditate eat breakfast go for a walk do something you know something that’s fit for me and in a routine for studying like you do your homework for a certain amount of time and then you go and take a 1520 minute break without you worrying about school. It was very proactive in like giving me suggestions that would optimize my time and then on top of that I was leaning into a lot of spiritual things so I wanted to read up on things and and stuff like that so I tried to totally to incorporate that it’s out of my schedule so it did give me some time to you know so I started actually living by my life system. I’ve been kind of put me on a focus where it was impeccable. I was able to not have like a lot of anxiety when it came down to school even though that I’m pro I’m proud to have anxiety when it comes out to my schooling, I was able to actually enjoy people‘s company and not like worry about when I’m gonna do it or if I have something that is due or you know, I was on time with everything I felt very much so in control and I think it has to be that meticulous in order to gain some type of awareness about what you want and how to how to get there

So after you gave me my routine my schedule and gave me things to read or things to explore and stuff. It’s like OK now I want to just put everything in my phone so I could know it gave me workout routines and and I asked to fix I wanted to fix my body so in incorporated all of my eating habits in my everything Incorporated everything inside of my life system and I wanted to be able to have it at the part of my hands rather than going through the chat or ask the chat to give me information about my life system, especially if I wanted to do it for the day. I wanted to create a centralized place where everything lived and it is easy to navigate tool in if I put something in one place it’s gonna populate in all the places that it should to make it all cohesive and coherent life system
That’s how I want my app. I wanted to know my astrology. I wanted to know me as an individual though a lot of things were worked on individually and then put together. I feel like if people were to have a sort of flow like I had like starting with the schedule, the main schedule, the main things that we do on the schedule whateverand and go from there it will be so wonderful
I like the idea of life operation system 

And with that while I was in mental health, I created a campaign cough with the switch now for this was all about invoking people’s power to guide their own perspective to a shift to create new neurological pathways to handling the situations of our life, fully filling our emotions and understanding them, but not letting them control us or control our reactions and I wanted to incorporate that inside of my app because it was incorporated inside of my life operation system I started to talk to the AI about my problems and it wasn’t trying to give me therapy lesson or whatever the case may be it was definitely a problem in my feelings, but it was helping me work through them and that’s why I want my AI to do is be able to help people work through peoples emotions and feelings and at the same time, be there secretary, helping them keep their own life together. This is the tool. This is not a replacement for therapy or any medical service. This is a tool for self cognitive behavioral training. Giving people back the power to do the work to help themselves. 
So from the campaign, I created a group from the group I created this aspect of the life operation system known as dimensional FTS dimensional wellness

How can I use this? Can I put this in the code? Can I put this with the investors deck? How can I use this?