OK
The speak thing doesn’t work like you press it. It doesn’t do nothing but I feel like it should automatically work if DW is speaking like it will automatically work and listen if after I ask you a question. 
Some of the like oh let me get to know who you are. I feel like it should have multiple checks availability. Everything needs to. 
The orb should be able to be reactive like when it talks 
The actor should start when they get acclimated after DW says OK welcome 
User went to the recipes in the false flat like to do and then the options are a lot, and I want to pull options from the web remember that and have a consistent in the browsing section too because I feel like it’s probably the same way like I wanted it to be live Searches in live options

The app to DW should be The Voice lead in the user know what it’s doing or what it’s for or whatever the kissing be 
Also, when you click on the options, they didn’t give you the actual plan it doesn’t have the recipes. It doesn’t have save recipes she saved it can’t find it. 
User search chicken in as you can’t scroll down in the Fine recipe section

That section is the thing that says ready to cook, but this fall flat can’t generate recipes when you just put chicken. I don’t know what’s going on with that. 
Use it touch the tie, but the top is not really like noticeable to touch but when we did, I feel like when we go to the grocery builder, it should have with the items group by meal 

So back to the meal planning page she clicked on the video link and the videos are going to YouTube, but it keep on saying video unavailable breakfast only has one suggestion some categories only have one suggestion it’s supposed to be a live feed and live like you know as if it was search in the web itself. I feel like it’s fallen flat as being a secretary or a personal assistant because it’s like you still have to go elsewhere it’s supposed to be a one stop shop what’s going on and it was supposed to have a a suggestion for AI to cook with AI you know like cook with DW
The cosmic make they are still broken links, or it’s still messed up in the hub 

I feel like we should be able to move the orb. The menu is a DW chat is not working nor is the back in again. Where is the app to the whole app? 
Did you wait OK so when you press replay main tour, the button still is like there but it’s transparent so it’s kind of overlapping with the words on there but I thought I wanted it to be able to actually just start the tour so maybe we should fix the tour and have everything show up cause I want everything to be displayed in the tour. I want everything to have a tour be explaining stuff like that when it’s used OK so when we play the tour it’s just on in the settings. It doesn’t actually show because I see that it’s still highlights the know the things that are already showing. No he doesn’t open up the menu or nothing like that. I need more cohesive than that. C are in the browsing the tour and browsing it doesn’t actually highlight the sections that is talking about and it’s only two things, and it doesn’t fully explain it
I feel like we should ask about this their schedule in the on boarding as well and does the on boarding even gather their email login

Things are really not flowing the way I thought it would is not showing up and the way that I needed to show up it’s still hectic to understand how to use is a lot of things that are fallen flat like as a users like, why would I pay for this. It’s a cool concept, but it doesn’t really execute it properly or even functionaly it has little substance 
The workout page is falling flat is just like it’s a nice concept, but like the interactive feels like you don’t even need it 
Unless kind of a consistent thing that I’m running into with the app as a whole 
The workout OK we have height and inches but I feel like we should have a separated feet in inches so it could be easier for people to answer let’s go. When they put the weight in on the imperial something weird is happening every time I try to put one and put seven and it’s not put in the right number.